Add ERC7575 to ERC7540 (#6)
ERC4626-Alliance/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7540.md

Asynchronous redemption Vaults MUST return the constant value `true` if `0x0899cb0b` is passed through the `interfaceID` argument.

### [ERC-7575](./eip-7575.md) support

> Smart contracts implementing this Vault standard MULT implement the [ERC-7575](./eip-7575.md) specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart contracts implementing this Vault standard MUST implement the [ERC-7575](./eip-7575.md) standard (in particular the `share` method). 

Contracts MAY omit `ERC7575WithdrawVault` and `ERC7575MintVault` as Partial Vaults.
```
